Enhance e2e to pick non-Gateway nodes via labels (#1245)
submariner-io/shipyard: release-notes/20230508-e2e-non-gw-nodes.md

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD041 -->

> The e2e test framework has been enhanced to select nodes labeled with `submariner.io/e2e-non-gw-node=true` as non-Gateway nodes

Reviewer: `subctl` is really the user-facing aspect.

```suggestion
`subctl verify` has been enhanced to select nodes labeled with `submariner.io/e2e-non-gw-node=true` as non-Gateway nodes
```
